Fix "by using" in concepts A--M (#3206)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_configuring-networking.adoc

New hosts must have access to your {SmartProxyServer}.
{SmartProxyServer} can be either your integrated {SmartProxy} on {ProjectServer} or an external {SmartProxyServer}.
You might want to provision hosts from an external {SmartProxyServer} when the hosts are on isolated networks and cannot connect to {ProjectServer} directly, or when the content is synchronized with {SmartProxyServer}.

> Provisioning by using the external {SmartProxyServer} can save on network bandwidth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provisioning by using {SmartProxyServers} can save on network bandwidth.
```

out of scope but :see_no_evil:
